License for the Util-O-Rama Suite
  Copyright © 2021+ by Doctor 🧙 Wizard
  and W⚡zlights Software.
	
The Util-O-Rama Suite is FREEWARE created and distributed by Doctor 🧙 Wizard
and W⚡zlights Software for the benefit of the Light-O-Rama and xLights
communities.  These applications may be used and shared at no charge by users
of Light-O-Rama Showtime and xLights software.
The Util-O-Rama Suite is also DONATIONWARE.  You may use Util-O-Rama
completely free of charge and no donations of any type are required.
There is no difference in functionality between the freeware and donationware
versions and all features are included.
However-- If you choose, you may make a donation of at least $25.00 USD to the
animal-related charity of your choice (including but not limited to ASPCA,
Humane Society, your local animal shelter, Save-the-Whales, The Audubon
Society, World Wildlife Fund, etc. you get the idea) and send a copy of the
receipt to wizard@wizlights.com to get VIP status.
If you are a VIP user, I will prioritize bug reports and feature requests for
you.  I will not ignore serious bug reports or feature requests from non-VIP
users, they just won't get done as quickly.

The Util-O-Rama suite is not a product of nor endorsed in any way by The
Light-O-Rama company or the xLights organization.  This is purely the work of
Doctor 🧙 Wizard and W⚡zlights Software.  Please do not contact Light-O-Rama
or xLights for support regarding the Util-O-Rama applications.

The Util-O-Rama suite may corrupt or incorrectly write sequence or other data
files used by Light-O-Rama Showtime and/or xLights.  Please do not contact
Light-O-Rama or xLights for support regarding any files which may have been
touched or manipulated by Util-O-Rama.

Util-O-Rama is alpha software!  It is absolutely positively unconditionally
guaranteed to contain many serious bugs!  Using Util-O-Rama could possibly
cause climate change and global warming, global pandemics, political unrest,
meteor strikes, wildfires, hurricanes and tornados, pimples, weight gain,
stress and panic attacks, and/or explosive diarrhea.
Under no circumstances whatsoever should you expect Util-O-Rama to correctly
write or modify your sequence files.  Be sure to keep multiple back-ups and
never ever overwrite your working sequences with those modified by 
Util-O-Rama.